## Independent Project Overview
Before you begin, take a moment to revisit and review the [Independent Projects and Code Reviews](https://www.learnhowtoprogram.com/introduction-to-programming/getting-started-at-epicodus/independent-projects-and-code-reviews) lesson.

## Code Review: Airflow 1
For this project, you'll be making a simple DAG that your user can run on the Airflow graphical interface. It will use Bash to echo your name, save the echoed value as a text file, then use Python to read and print the value in that file. Then, it will run three simultaneous tasks that each print a different random value. The DAG will finish with an empty operator.

### Setup Git
1. As always, create a repository on GitHub for this project. 
1. Include a README, a `.gitignore` file, a `requirements.txt` file and at least 8 commits.

### Install Requirements
- Include whatever dependencies you need in your requirements.txt (see ch6/ep1 for reference).
- Create a virtualenv, activate it, install Airflow, then install the dependencies in your `requirements.txt` file (see `setup.sh` in ch6/ep1 for step-by-step instructions).


### Project Setup
- In your repository, create the following directories: 'dags', 'logs', and 'plugins'
- Create a .env file that sets the 'AIRFLOW_UID' to the current user's ID (you can get this by typing `id` into the terminal.)
- Download the docker-compose.yml
- Create a file for your DAG called 'code_review.py'

### Instructions for the DAG:
- In the `code_review.py` DAG, include the needed imports, and create default arguments for your DAG.
- Include, near the top of your code, the following constant:
```python
APPLES = ["pink lady", "jazz", "orange pippin", "granny smith", "red delicious", "gala", "honeycrisp", "mcintosh", "fuji"]
```
- Instantiate a DAG with a name, description, and the default args.
- Give your DAG the following tasks:
    - Task 1. A 'echo_to_file' task that uses a Bash operator. This task should echo your name, and redirect the output into a file called 'code_review.txt' that's in the same directory as the 'code_review.py' file
    > Note: It's best practice to use `os`, but it's alright to hardcode the path
    - Task 2. A 'greeting' task that uses a Python operator to call a Python function called 'print_hello()'. 'print_hello()' should open 'code_review.txt', read your name from that file, and print a greeting that includes your name.
    - Task 3. A task using a Bash operator, which echos "picking three random apples".
    - Tasks 4, 5, and 6. Use a 'for' loop with 'range' to create three Python operator tasks that will run simultaneously. Each task should:
        - Have a unique task ID that includes the number generated by 'range'
        - Use a python_callable that calls a function that takes a string as an argument and prints that string
        - Pass a random apple from the 'APPLES' list as the argument to that function.
    - Task 7. End the DAG with an empty operator.

- The tasks should run in the order listed above, with task 4-6 running simultaneously.


### Accepting Criteria

Your submitted repository should:
- Include a README with instructions for the `docker-compose` commands that your user should use to run the DAG in the Airflow GUI, a diagram of your DAG (a screenshot from the Airflow GUI or an illustration with draw.io is okay), and an explanation of the project.
- Have well-commented code, at least 8 commits, and no unused code
- Run successfully on the Airflow GUI
- Have a DAG with the tasks outlined above, and the tasks should run in the order specified
- Include the following files: 'requirements.txt', '.gitignore', and a 'dags' directory.


